and we are with 1 and 5 in this
case we are playing a new career
with subscribers and good guys we're going
to do one lap I do not know exactly
how it's going to be complicated but it was coming
predetermined one lap and I've seen the
miniature and uf uf uf because it is a which
raid of these that are like infinities is
say where it starts ends so we go
let's see let's see how we get san
xian very difficult very complicated and so
we got going through the
first that would be very very good a
little bit perfect, we can fit at the moment
well let's go there or was I passed this point
challenges we are taking a great advantage
that's fine although we're all going to
find the same place but good the
if it's normal, let's go
getting better start we do not have what
We more or less believe it
you have to climb up inside the
Montana
it's quite the car can not be very
fast you have to be careful you have to go
carefully here
we take this jump worth
to see if the car
that I doubt enough here you to me
falls off
that is complicated the less you cojones
or because they bathe all the time
The good thing is to live all the time
fast and if there is somewhere
Well I hope that time was so
Quick, give me some advantage
OK
and we're here this way over there and
we have here a point we have there a
point that this has to be
close because we are already very high
ok here is another point we are going to take it
here you want to serve to get there
my mother is going to make us at night
climbing the mountain
Ojito Ojito hello here and continue to
first moments to me and to follow the
line is that go there is no
mountaineer today hey knew we were going to
make a career and have said today not
we are going to climb the mountain since there
we have and what until then see you later
do not work not work has arrived
appear like this
now I still step up because
it's going to take safer so that's
faster as I say today there is no
mountaineer because as I knew we are going to
come us then with ten milestones
luxury of madryn and we are still going to
run over insurance some will be bad
people are actually going to leave them
very well
and will let live
little wheaton vale
and this is being more complicated than
doubter up but maybe that
I still do not give them much of an advantage
the others except for one that I do not have here
very close there is a missile because yes
in that what was left over sir creator son
My mother, I have you to follow me.
around here of everything that I do I put is one
on each side
ok we have it here this is going to be a
bit
and I have for the first and first
tried
as it happens the first one is going to be mega
epic the most and I'm going super
convinced what happened the first of guys
did not happen to the first one because of us
I will not catch the point so
do not
mother mine kid first try what
we went to the first one this is amazing
incredible seriously amazing is that what
I was imagining is that its time in tone
seriously I do not know very well if with him in you
also and it is also but when I have
caught antithesis to walk drive
I did not choose it too with the center
not in the center not lately I'm
catching a lot for the white lies and
for the races and I'm going super
super good since the t20 and the signs
I have them but they have told me that the t20
mind you saw me that the mind is going
super super good for racing worth
for nothing one day to turn it over there
we have it
but since I do not get the money or
nor the level to have it to the maximum
so together with this stroller
is what I say I'm more taken in his
life in going down that in what is the
race that is what is the best guard
said my mother anything someone days for
go down
ok we're good
we are going down the line you this is super
110 to lower 110 to reach the goal
Ojito, we do not have a mother of mine.
molado this same root let's see if
some will be passed if they are still up there
but I think some he has had to
I'm super convinced
a charge load screen is worth we go to
see this vale 100 x well no no because
he has to go with a lot of tact x
giving it very short touches very little
little bit little by little upwards up
what
It does well to see if not it
as they give you very fast the car is going to
go and it is not worth more complicated so
the boys the truth that the race has
talked a lot I hope caused too
you liked it would be very much appreciated
if you have videos subscribe where
I'm to lose none and we do not see in
the next goodbye